README.md, before:

# AWS Deadline Cloud for Unreal

This package has two active branches:

- `develop` -- For active development. This branch is not intended to be consumed by other packages. Any commit to this branch may break APIs, dependencies, and so on, and thus break any consumer without notice.
- `mainline` -- The official release of the package intended for consumers. Any breaking releases will be accompanied with an increase to this package's interface version.

The deadline.unreal_adaptor package is an adaptor that renders unreal scenes through UnrealEditor tools such as MovieRenderPipeline. It uses the Open Job Description adaptor_runtime and supports job stickiness.

## Development

See [DEVELOPMENT](DEVELOPMENT.md) for more information.

## Licensing

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for our project's licensing. We will ask you to confirm the licensing of your contribution.

## Build / Test / Release

### Build the package

```bash
hatch build
```

### Run tests

```bash
hatch run test
```

### Run linting

```bash
hatch run lint
```

### Run formatting

```bash
hatch run fmt
```

### Run tests for all supported Python versions

```bash
hatch run all:test
```

## Compatibility

This library requires:

1. Python 3.9 or higher; and
2. Linux, MacOS, or Windows operating system.

## Versioning

This package's version follows [Semantic Versioning 2.0](https://semver.org/), but is still considered to be in its 
initial development, thus backwards incompatible versions are denoted by minor version bumps. To help illustrate how
versions will increment during this initial development stage, they are described below:

1. The MAJOR version is currently 0, indicating initial development. 
2. The MINOR version is currently incremented when backwards incompatible changes are introduced to the public API. 
3. The PATCH version is currently incremented when bug fixes or backwards compatible changes are introduced to the public API. 

## Downloading

You can download this package from:
- [GitHub releases](https://github.com/casillas2/deadline-cloud-for-unreal-engine/releases)

## Security

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issue-notifications) for more information.

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License.

Commit message:

chore: add telemetry opt out notice
Signed-off-by: Marshall Jackson <amarsjac@amazon.com>

README.md, after:

# AWS Deadline Cloud for Unreal

This package has two active branches:

- `develop` -- For active development. This branch is not intended to be consumed by other packages. Any commit to this branch may break APIs, dependencies, and so on, and thus break any consumer without notice.
- `mainline` -- The official release of the package intended for consumers. Any breaking releases will be accompanied with an increase to this package's interface version.

The deadline.unreal_adaptor package is an adaptor that renders unreal scenes through UnrealEditor tools such as MovieRenderPipeline. It uses the Open Job Description adaptor_runtime and supports job stickiness.

## Development

See [DEVELOPMENT](DEVELOPMENT.md) for more information.

## Licensing

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for our project's licensing. We will ask you to confirm the licensing of your contribution.

## Build / Test / Release

### Build the package

```bash
hatch build
```

### Run tests

```bash
hatch run test
```

### Run linting

```bash
hatch run lint
```

### Run formatting

```bash
hatch run fmt
```

### Run tests for all supported Python versions

```bash
hatch run all:test
```

## Compatibility

This library requires:

1. Python 3.9 or higher; and
2. Linux, MacOS, or Windows operating system.

## Versioning

This package's version follows [Semantic Versioning 2.0](https://semver.org/), but is still considered to be in its 
initial development, thus backwards incompatible versions are denoted by minor version bumps. To help illustrate how
versions will increment during this initial development stage, they are described below:

1. The MAJOR version is currently 0, indicating initial development. 
2. The MINOR version is currently incremented when backwards incompatible changes are introduced to the public API. 
3. The PATCH version is currently incremented when bug fixes or backwards compatible changes are introduced to the public API. 

## Downloading

You can download this package from:
- [GitHub releases](https://github.com/casillas2/deadline-cloud-for-unreal-engine/releases)

## Security

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issue-notifications) for more information.

## Telemetry

This library collects telemetry data by default. Telemetry events contain non-personally-identifiable information that helps us understand how users interact with our software so we know what features our customers use, and/or what existing pain points are.

You can opt out of telemetry data collection by either:

1. Setting the environment variable: `DEADLINE_CLOUD_TELEMETRY_OPT_OUT=true`
2. Setting the config file: `deadline config set telemetry.opt_out true`

Note that setting the environment variable supersedes the config file setting.

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License.
